Stream specifiers are used by the library to create explicit names for streams from input files and filter chains.

When an `FFmpegInput` is added to the `FFmpegCommand` object, the order of addition is tracked, and its positional index is used as an identifier in any stream specifiers requested for it. Stream specifiers on inputs mapped to a `FilterChain` are added to the beginning of the string representation of the filter chain, and those mapped to an `FFmpegOutput` are used with the `-map` `ffmpeg` option.

Similarly, when a stream specifier is requested for a `FilterChain` output pad, the positional index of that filter chain within the `FFmpegCommand`'s `FilterGraph` object is used to generate a unique output pad name. That pad name is then appended to the end of the string representation of that filter chain, and is used with the `-map` option to map the output stream from that filter into that output file.

If no stream specifiers are requested, no explicit names will be added to the command, allowing `ffmpeg` to use its implicit mapping capabilities.

For example, if we create the following objects:

```{javascript}
const cmd = new FFmpegCommand();
const videoInput = new FFmpegInput('/path/to/some/video.mov', {/*...*/});
const videoFilters = new FilterChain([
  new FilterNode('edgedetect', { mode: 'colormix', high: 0 })
]);
const output = new FFmpegOutput('/path/to/output.mp4', {/*...*/});
```

Then in the following code, we use explicit mappings:

- we request a stream specifier for `videoInput`'s video stream
- we request a stream specifier for the output of `videoFilters`

Those stream specifiers are used in the filter graph and mappings of the resulting command.

```{javascript}
videoFilters.addInput(videoInput.streamSpecifier('v'));

output.addStreams(videoFilters.streamSpecifier());

cmd.addInput(videoInput);
cmd.addFilterChain(videoFilters);
cmd.addOutput(output);

console.log(cmd.toString());
```

This would result in the following `ffmpeg` command, with the label `0` applied to `videoInput` and the label `1` applied to `audioInput`, in the order they were added to the command, and a generated name `[chain0_edgedetect_0]` for the single output pad of the video filter chain `videoFilters`.

```{text}
ffmpeg -i "/path/to/some/video.mov" -filter_complex "[0:v]edgedetect=mode=colormix:high=0[chain0_edgedetect_0]" -map "[chain0_edgedetect_0]" "/path/to/output.mp4"
```

In contrast, the following code, using the same objects above, requests no stream specifiers and specifies no explicit mappings.

```{javascript}
cmd.addInput(videoInput);
cmd.addFilterChain(videoFilters)
cmd.addOutput(output);
console.log(cmd.toString());
```

This would result in the command:

```{text}
ffmpeg -i "/path/to/input.mov" -filter_complex "edgedetect=mode=colormix:high=0" "/path/to/output.mp4"
```

We recommend using explicit mappings for clarity where possible.
